Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts, don’t put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Don’t waste your time on jealousy; sometimes you’re ahead, sometimes you’re behind…the race is long, and in the end, it’s only with yourself.
Remember the compliments you receive, forget the insults; if you succeed in doing this, tell me how.
Keep your old love letters, throw away your old bank statements.
Don’t feel guilty if you don’t know what you want to do with your life…the most interesting people I know didn’t know at 22 what they wanted to do with their lives, some of the most interesting 40 year olds I know still don’t.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters.- Audrey Hepburn
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all. – Walt Disney
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around. – Leo Buscaglia
If you’re not getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities. – Pablo
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. – Martin Luther King Jr.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. – Paulo Coelho
Turn your wounds into wisdom. – Oprah Winfrey
When you truly love someone, you don’t judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.
When you begin to value yourself, others will also. How you treat yourself teaches others how to treat you.
In order for you to grow as a person, you have to be willing to accept change.
Being in a relationship isn’t about the kissing, the dates, or the showing off. It’s about being with someone who makes you happy in a way that no one else can. – Unknown
Sometimes you just outgrow certain people. Don’t try to fix or repair, just accept it and move on.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. – Maya Angelou
Start with the end in mind. – Stephen R. Covey
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don’t give up!
I’m the one that has to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to. – Jimi Hendrix
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. – Anne Frank
There are certain people who no longer belong in your life no matter how much you want them to. You know who they are. Let them go.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. – James Allen
Replaying the past over and over again will only ruin your present. Let it go. A brand new future awaits. – Robert Tew
Focus on the awesome things in LIFE, count your blessings daily and take the time to appreciate the simple things in Life.
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90; time is a concept humans created. – Yoko Ono
Give yourself a chance and always give back to others. – Pablo
The strongest people aren’t always the people who win, but the people who don’t give up when they lose. - Ashley Hodgeson
Don’t wait for the perfect moment… take the moment and make it perfect – Anon.
You are bigger and better than whatever is intimidating, scaring, or hurting you.
Life goes on, with or without you.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. – Oprah Winfrey
The only thing you need to be rescued from is the belief that you need to be rescued.
It’s not whether you got knocked down; it’s whether you get back up. – Vince Lombardi
Do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others. It’s our differences that make us unique and beautiful.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be. – J.K. Rowling
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength. – Corrie Boom
A ship is safe in harbor, but that’s not what ships are for. – William G. Shedd
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. – Wayne W. Dyer
Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth; oh nevermind; you will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they have faded. But trust me, in 20 years you’ll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can’t grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked.
Do not chase people. Be you and do your own thing and work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you and stay. – Wu Tang
Never give up on yourself, once you do, there is nobody left.
You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It won’t happen automatically. You will have to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me. I’m moving on with my life. – Joel Osteen
Life isn’t finding shelter in the storm. It’s about learning to dance in the rain. – Anon
Do NOT read beauty magazines, they will only make you feel ugly. – Unknown
Don’t feed your mind with negative thoughts. If you do, you will come to believe them. – Catherine Pulsifer
Spend all your time with negative people and you will become like them. Why? Because you’ll pick up their habits, behaviors, energy and their attitudes. Make it goal this year to align yourself with positive people that encourage you, that inspire you, that bring out ONLY the BEST in you. Be with people who can contribute to your growth and not your death in life and you’ll be Happy. – Robert Tew
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. – Napoleon Hill
Sometimes you have to die a little on the inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger, smarter version of you. – Unknown
Decide this minute to never again beg anyone for the love, respect and attention you should be showing yourself.
Don’t make someone your everything because when they leave you’ll have nothing left.
The longer you hide in your fantasy world, the harder reality is going to slap you when it finally tracks you down. – Susan Gale
Don’t ask why people keep hurting you. Ask yourself why are you allowing it to happen.
Unforgiveness is choosing to stay trapped in a jail cell of bitterness, serving time for someone else’s crime.
If you feed your confidence you’ll starve your fear.
One of the best gifts you can give yourself is forgiving yourself.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this. – Henry David Thoreau
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it’s at the end of your arm,  as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others. – Audrey Hepburn
Junk food isn’t good for you and neither are junk thoughts. – Robert Tew
There’s a PURPOSE to every FAILED relationship. The purpose isn’t to encourage you to lower your expectations, but to raise your standards.
The secret to success is learning to go from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. – Winston S. Churchill
What you seek is seeking you. – Rumi
Understanding your past can help you to create a better future. – Robert Tew
Ladies, your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful.
Nothing lasts forever…not even your troubles. – Arnold Glasow
Attitude, not Aptitude, determines Altitude. – Zig Ziglar
Regardless of sunshine or rain, be thankful for another great day and treat life as the ULTIMATE Gift…because it is! – Pablo Valle
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another. Don’t ever forget your value. – Luan
You are never strong enough that you don’t need help. – Cesar Chavez
Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude. – Denis Waitley
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. – Steve Jobs
When you take things for granted, those things eventually get taken.
Don’t ever judge anyone. You don’t know their story and what’s really going on. A smile can hide so much. – Unknown
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet. – Emily Dickinson
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears. – Glenn Clark
Worry a little bit every day and in a lifetime you will lose a couple of years. If something is wrong, fix it if you can. But train yourself not to worry… worry never fixes anything. – Hemingway Ernest
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. – Mother Teresa
Be strong enough to let go and patient enough to wait for what you deserve.
Find your voice, and inspire others to find theirs. Don’t ignore that longing to make a difference. – Stephen Covey
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone. – Bill Cosby
If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings. – Brian Tracy
Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to benefit others as much as I can. – The Dalai Lama
We’ve all been hurt by words before, so before you speak, think about how your words might affect someone.
You do build in darkness if you have faith. When the light returns you have made of yourself a fortress which is impregnable to certain kinds of trouble; you may even find yourself needed and sought by others as a beacon in their dark. – Olga Rosmanith
Sometimes what you fear the most is the very thing that will set you free. – Robert Tew
Do you think the people who were trying to reach to the Everest were not full of doubts? For a hundred years, how many people tried and how many people lost their lives? Do you know how many people never came back? But, still, people come from all over the world, risking, knowing they may never return. For them it is worth it – because in the very risk something is born inside of them: the center. It is born only in the risk. That’s the beauty of risk, the gift of risk. – Osho
Don’t live your life with anger and hate in your heart. You’ll only be hurting yourself more than the people you hate.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
‎Complaining is a complete waste of one’s energy. Those who complain the most accomplish the least.
One of the happiest moments ever is when you feel the courage to let go of what you can’t change.
Let your talk be limited and your actions be unlimited.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. – Mark Twain
Don’t get confused between what people say you are and who you know you are.
Don’t walk behind me; I may not lead. Don’t walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. – Albert Camus
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. – Maya Angelou
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don’t belong with. – Unknown
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. – Laozi